Remove markdown from example descriptions (#460)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/example/fitbounds.md

---
title: Fit a map to a bounding box

> description: Use fitBounds to show a specific area of the map in view, regardless of the pixel size of the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Fit the map to a specific area, regardless of the pixel size of the map.
```
